[service-bus] Readme updates for dead letter queues, point to proper docs (#12718)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/README.md

### Settle a message

Once you receive a message you can call [`completeMessage()`][receiver_complete], [`abandonMessage()`][receiver_abandon], [`deferMessage()`][receiver_defer] or [`deadLetterMessage()`][receiver_deadletter] on the receiver based on how you want to settle the message.

To learn more, please read [Settling Received Messages](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/service-bus-messaging/message-transfers-locks-settlement#settling-receive-operations)

## Dead letter queues

The dead letter queue is a **sub-queue**. Each queue or subscription has its own dead letter queue. Dead letter queues store
messages that have been explicitly dead lettered (via [`receiver.deadLetterMessage()`][receiver_deadletter]), or messages that have exceeded
their maximum delivery count.

> Dead letter queues are opened similarly to receivers for subscriptions or queues:

Reviewer: we dont refer to "opening queues" anywhere else...

```suggestion
You can create receivers for dead letter queues similar to how you would do so for subscriptions or queues, but with an extra sub queue type option:
```

Author: Applied the spirit of your wording.

```javascript
// to open a queue's dead letter sub-queue
const deadLetterReceiverForQueue = serviceBusClient.createReceiver("queue", {
  subQueueType: "deadLetter"
});

// to open a subscription's dead letter sub-queue
const deadLetterReceiverForSubscription = serviceBusClient.createReceiver("queue", {
  subQueueType: "deadLetter"
});

// dead letter receivers work like any other receiver connected to a queue
// ex:

> await deadLetterReceiverForQueue.receiveMessages(5);

Reviewer: seems odd that we wont collect the output of this :)

Author: Hahah, yes. I added in a little loop and printed out the body property just to show that they are indeed like any other message.
